Some materials have certain effects, apart from their properties.
    They have effect on how noteblocks sound when the block is below:
        material -> soundtype
        ---------------------
        stone -> basedrum
        sand -> snare
        glass -> hat
        wood -> bass
        others -> harp
    The "water" material should cause crashes (or at least errors in connection with the frostwalker enchantment. (untested)
    Some materials prevent the block being broken by water, even if the other conditions are met:
        portal
        structure_void
        underwater_plant
        seagrass
    The "ice" material negates the stronger downward flow next to solid blocks. i.e. for waterfalls: block ~ air
    Some materials are broken faster by sword. This can also be achieved via tag "leaves".
        plant
        replaceable_plant
        unused_plant
        pumpkin
    Some materials let the block when mined with an axe be broken faster:
        wood
        plant
        replaceable_plant
        bamboo
    Some materials let the block when mined with an Pickaxe be broken faster and drop loot:
        metal
        anvil
        stone





All materials with their settings:
"air"
pistonBehavior: "normal"
blocksMovement: false
burnable: false
breakByHand: true
liquid: false
replaceable: true
solid: false
blocksLight: false

"structure_void"
pistonBehavior: "normal"
blocksMovement: false
burnable: false
breakByHand: true
liquid: false
replaceable: true
solid: false
blocksLight: false

"portal"
pistonBehavior: "block"
blocksMovement: false
burnable: false
breakByHand: true
liquid: false
replaceable: false
solid: false
blocksLight: false

"carpet"
pistonBehavior: "normal"
blocksMovement: false
burnable: true
breakByHand: true
liquid: false
replaceable: false
solid: false
blocksLight: false

"plant"
pistonBehavior: "destroy"
blocksMovement: false
burnable: false
breakByHand: true
liquid: false
replaceable: false
solid: false
blocksLight: false

"underwater_plant"
pistonBehavior: "destroy"
blocksMovement: false
burnable: false
breakByHand: true
liquid: false
replaceable: false
solid: false
blocksLight: false

"replaceable_plant"
pistonBehavior: "destroy"
blocksMovement: false
burnable: true
breakByHand: true
liquid: false
replaceable: true
solid: false
blocksLight: false

"seagrass"
pistonBehavior: "destroy"
blocksMovement: false
burnable: false
breakByHand: true
liquid: false
replaceable: true
solid: false
blocksLight: false

"water"
pistonBehavior: "destroy"
blocksMovement: false
burnable: false
breakByHand: true
liquid: true
replaceable: true
solid: false
blocksLight: false

"bubble_column"
pistonBehavior: "destroy"
blocksMovement: false
burnable: false
breakByHand: true
liquid: true
replaceable: true
solid: false
blocksLight: false

"lava"
pistonBehavior: "destroy"
blocksMovement: false
burnable: false
breakByHand: true
liquid: true
replaceable: true
solid: false
blocksLight: false

"snow"
pistonBehavior: "destroy"
blocksMovement: false
burnable: false
breakByHand: false
liquid: false
replaceable: true
solid: false
blocksLight: false

"fire"
pistonBehavior: "destroy"
blocksMovement: false
burnable: false
breakByHand: true
liquid: false
replaceable: true
solid: false
blocksLight: false

"part"
pistonBehavior: "destroy"
blocksMovement: false
burnable: false
breakByHand: true
liquid: false
replaceable: false
solid: false
blocksLight: false

"cobweb"
pistonBehavior: "destroy"
blocksMovement: false
burnable: false
breakByHand: false
liquid: false
replaceable: false
solid: true
blocksLight: false

"redstone_lamp"
pistonBehavior: "normal"
blocksMovement: true
burnable: false
breakByHand: true
liquid: false
replaceable: false
solid: true
blocksLight: true

"clay"
pistonBehavior: "normal"
blocksMovement: true
burnable: false
breakByHand: true
liquid: false
replaceable: false
solid: true
blocksLight: true

"earth"
pistonBehavior: "normal"
blocksMovement: true
burnable: false
breakByHand: true
liquid: false
replaceable: false
solid: true
blocksLight: true

"organic"
pistonBehavior: "normal"
blocksMovement: true
burnable: false
breakByHand: true
liquid: false
replaceable: false
solid: true
blocksLight: true

"packed_ice"
pistonBehavior: "normal"
blocksMovement: true
burnable: false
breakByHand: true
liquid: false
replaceable: false
solid: true
blocksLight: true

"sand"
pistonBehavior: "normal"
blocksMovement: true
burnable: false
breakByHand: true
liquid: false
replaceable: false
solid: true
blocksLight: true

"sponge"
pistonBehavior: "normal"
blocksMovement: true
burnable: false
breakByHand: true
liquid: false
replaceable: false
solid: true
blocksLight: true

"shulker_box"
pistonBehavior: "normal"
blocksMovement: true
burnable: false
breakByHand: true
liquid: false
replaceable: false
solid: true
blocksLight: true

"wood"
pistonBehavior: "normal"
blocksMovement: true
burnable: true
breakByHand: true
liquid: false
replaceable: false
solid: true
blocksLight: true

"bamboo_sapling"
pistonBehavior: "destroy"
blocksMovement: false
burnable: true
breakByHand: true
liquid: false
replaceable: false
solid: true
blocksLight: true

"bamboo"
pistonBehavior: "destroy"
blocksMovement: true
burnable: true
breakByHand: true
liquid: false
replaceable: false
solid: true
blocksLight: true

"wool"
pistonBehavior: "normal"
blocksMovement: true
burnable: true
breakByHand: true
liquid: false
replaceable: false
solid: true
blocksLight: true

"tnt"
pistonBehavior: "normal"
blocksMovement: true
burnable: true
breakByHand: true
liquid: false
replaceable: false
solid: true
blocksLight: false

"leaves"
pistonBehavior: "destroy"
blocksMovement: true
burnable: true
breakByHand: true
liquid: false
replaceable: false
solid: true
blocksLight: false

"glass"
pistonBehavior: "normal"
blocksMovement: true
burnable: false
breakByHand: true
liquid: false
replaceable: false
solid: true
blocksLight: false

"ice"
pistonBehavior: "normal"
blocksMovement: true
burnable: false
breakByHand: true
liquid: false
replaceable: false
solid: true
blocksLight: false

"cactus"
pistonBehavior: "destroy"
blocksMovement: true
burnable: false
breakByHand: true
liquid: false
replaceable: false
solid: true
blocksLight: false

"stone"
pistonBehavior: "normal"
blocksMovement: true
burnable: false
breakByHand: false
liquid: false
replaceable: false
solid: true
blocksLight: true

"metal"
pistonBehavior: "normal"
blocksMovement: true
burnable: false
breakByHand: false
liquid: false
replaceable: false
solid: true
blocksLight: true

"snow_block"
pistonBehavior: "normal"
blocksMovement: true
burnable: false
breakByHand: false
liquid: false
replaceable: false
solid: true
blocksLight: true

"anvil"
pistonBehavior: "block"
blocksMovement: true
burnable: false
breakByHand: false
liquid: false
replaceable: false
solid: true
blocksLight: true

"barrier"
pistonBehavior: "block"
blocksMovement: true
burnable: false
breakByHand: false
liquid: false
replaceable: false
solid: true
blocksLight: true

"piston"
pistonBehavior: "block"
blocksMovement: true
burnable: false
breakByHand: true
liquid: false
replaceable: false
solid: true
blocksLight: true

"unused_plant"
pistonBehavior: "destroy"
blocksMovement: true
burnable: false
breakByHand: true
liquid: false
replaceable: false
solid: true
blocksLight: true

"pumpkin"
pistonBehavior: "destroy"
blocksMovement: true
burnable: false
breakByHand: true
liquid: false
replaceable: false
solid: true
blocksLight: true

"egg"
pistonBehavior: "destroy"
blocksMovement: true
burnable: false
breakByHand: true
liquid: false
replaceable: false
solid: true
blocksLight: true

"cake"
pistonBehavior: "destroy"
blocksMovement: true
burnable: false
breakByHand: true
liquid: false
replaceable: false
solid: true
blocksLight: true

"pistonBehavior":
normal,
destroy,
block,
ignore,
push_only